[Music]
Okay, let's see, I think the next topic I
think the next topic
is about being a despicable being and
making
you softer, it's going to have to do with
Dallas's sister because of her insolence. I don't
understand what he's saying about being a
despicable being and making
you softer, it's going to have to do with Dallas's
sister
because of her insolence. I don't know what he's
saying. But who is this guy? He must
be part of the Coscu mafia. All his
handsomeness is taken away because he's so stupid.
Javi Gibel wants to talk to you, he
wrote to you because x But it's that I have
messed with Ari, I have nothing to talk
to him about, man, I don't understand what he's
saying. What he's saying is, he must be a
despicable being and making Dallas
softer, it's going to have to do with
Dallas's sister. What is it that someone says
understands it. I don't understand what he's
saying. Let's see. I have a video. Here, I have
another video here that's going to be interesting, I
think. I think this other video is going to
be interesting. How about Javi, I'll put a  a
little bit of context so you
more or less understand the video, okay, it's a
compilation of the
denials and blunders that
this man has made throughout
2023. You know, I don't understand why in the
world of football there are so many journalists who,
as soon as they make a mistake in a
news story, they stone them and yet, I do
n't know why this man is
forgiven absolutely everything, so
nothing. Enjoy the video, which is a
simple friendly compilation where
Gerard Romero's 2023 is exposed, who has
apparently been the
most denied journalist of the year, you and a little
more context, because I always see that you don't
know much about
football. Don't worry, I'll put you
in context, as you always say. I don't know
why Gerard Romero became famous, let's
see, this man is a journalist who
worked at Raku, a Catalan radio station,
okay, a Catalan radio station, and at one point,
well, they kicked him out of there and
he decided to become a guy, so you
understand, like Diego Arrabal, not to
do what he did  on the radio but on
Twitch and in fact he took advantage of many
youtubers of Barça soccer because what
Diego Arrabal did not with you
with juanjus no to then take the step of
making his channel Well maybe not the same
this guy he did Well that he made
content about Barça soccer not on
his Twitch channel and such of all the
lor no and well as he had contacts Well
he interviewed several
celebrity soccer players and all that no and because and of
course That's his job well he
had his Niche there why he became
famous they took it as a meme the gref and
all these Well because he did like
a kind of dance The truth is quite
ridiculous In my opinion But well it's his
show eh he does some dances when people
subscribed to his channel Or they gave away
subscriptions and such Okay so
when he interviewed elite top people in
soccer he also did those ridiculous ba and
of course it became a meme seeing the
reaction of elite soccer players
seeing that guy dancing you know I mean it
was like a super strange and
super random situation and the guy who likes the
camera Well in  Instead of saying he made a
fool of himself, he said, wow, I'm famous, I'm going to take
advantage of it, and all of that reached the
streamers, Gref, and they all
laughed at them, and from there the camaraderie
between Gerard Romero and all of
them began. In addition to the fact that he is also very
close to Piqué and Piqu, so all this
Kings League stuff and such. And well, from
there, everything arose,
then he also does his job, this
Barça guy continues doing it, but
from there everything arose and there is the
typical thing that they take as a joke to
someone, okay? This Chiringuito
audiovisual is a guy, eh. He is very into
Lore. I see that he has written to me
on other occasions about other things.
Over the years I had never
realized and he is a football content creator. I do
n't know who ito audiovisual is and he
has made a video. I asked him for a
little context because he has made a
video exposing all of
Gerard Romero's [ __ ], who is the winner of
last year's news coverage and
this year he is nominated again, he is on his
way, I have to create my own little dance.
Yes, yes, you are right, agu Leo oj la
publication that the quees agency has made
against Gerard Romero dear
Gerard Romero we have commented for the
umpteenth time that you have published
unfounded news about one of our
clients ethically we find that it is
totally correct to do the job
therefore stop publishing
unfounded information and in gallona
presented as news about our
client did not promise Gerard Romero to a
user out there did not promise that if
Victor Rocket arrived at Barça he would
invite him to dinner daddy eh take take
note take note if Victor Roque comes I will
pay you I am not going to go with you but I will
pay you I tell Mark to markc
faust And say Mark eh this daddy that he comes he will
come one day to eat one
day he would come to eat and it is too paid you know Give it
all Give it all and and give it eh whatever it takes what is
missing Yes yes Keep
the clip if Barça signs Victor Roque it is
that Barça in the summer eh sells even the
flag of the CN host this guy does not give a
eh hold on Leo the day this is the typical one
that they take it as a joke
streamer these libai like when they saw
Chiqui and such and does it and raises it to
the fame of the streamers June 7
Barsa commented that on June 5th
Jorge Messi told Joan la Porta that
Messi would go to Inter Miami and he
told him this when Joan Martí exclusively revealed
that Joan
Laporta and Jorge Messi had met, that is, at 1 in the
afternoon and Gerard Romero that same day at
8 at night said wow we still haven't
seen the last episode of
hold on Leo no I mean you were selling
smoke dude no matter how much you say Ah Ah Ah
dude that same day hours later when they
are telling you from Barsa that on the
5th Jorge Messi told Joan la
Porta that he would go to Inter Miami you
were still dude you were still and then here on
June 6 you said wow there was
a telematic meeting to talk about
Messi and such And let's see if they are saying
that on June 5th those from Barsa already
like the [ __ ] trucks Exactly they knew
that Leo Messi would go to Inter Miami
Gerard Romero is a journalist who has to
do his job, his job is not
just to say "Barça wants to sign
Messi" or "Messi wants to come to Barça," his
job is to investigate if it is possible for
that to happen. There are many journalists who
tell a lot of lies and they are
exposed and nothing happens, the
next day they tell another lie and
nothing happens. I think that there
were many things that
bothered me, for example, when
my family used to say that my dad called La Liga
to find out if it was true or that one of my
children had had a bad time, which was said,
when it is quite the opposite. My son does not
want to be here because of how well they are
holding up.
Leo, I have talked a lot about that last hour
of
Gerard, I have talked a lot about that last
hour of Gerard Romero in relation to
Guimaraes and he said the following:
Newcastle have launched a
verbal proposal to Barça, offering 30
million plus Bruno Guimaraes for Rafa and he says this: I do
n't know who Bruno Guimaraes is for R
Piña and 30 million euros.
They would give you 30 million, you don't  you to them they
to you they gave you it seemed to me such a
scandalous thing that I went to the
live stream in which he said it I say to see
how he said it to see how he
told it and then he immediately says that
I have never seen Bruno Guimaraes
play But well I don't know and it's like
dude you are a [ __ ] illiterate I mean you
are not talking about football and you don't know
who Bruno Guimaraes is I mean not even he
himself was aware of the atrocity that he
was saying because for me Bruno
Guimaraes is one of the three best
players in the world supposedly hours
later some information came out from
Fabricio Romano denying with his
information this other one from Gerard it doesn't say
Fabricio Newcastle considers
the extension of
Bruno Guimaraes' contract a priority ra is lying about the rumors
about his possible signing to Neuquén a lie
the person that is not only a
liar but is also
misinformed heated atmosphere not one not
one is like Dan Vital ionos Colchoneros
is like Dani Vital but these people
have made him famous because they have  taken
as a joke because he was dancing no
Those who have not sat very well the
words Maybe also because he will be
interested in something not
Portuguese can you explain to me what a
heated atmosphere there is here what
Romero intends now a lie Romano I don't know
what he intends with this tweet I don't know
what he intends a smoke from Brozovic that he
smoked Bara Brzovic
no idea what Romero intends but
come on his credibility
has been seriously questioned for weeks now eh if you didn't say they would give
6 days who gives the smoke now
my goodness uncle I ask eh Romero How do you
feel after How have you felt But not
one No well many period does not give
one but he is loaded but but it
is the award for informative coverage I
mean he is the winner of the
informative coverage according to gref these not that they
also did their job and that they also
had information eh very good no and that
every time they gave some information
the chat of those journalists in Stream the
chat packed with no it is that Romero has said
this it is that Romero has said this other it is that
until Romero says it I do not  I
believe it and Romero stayed quiet and now he complains
about living in a situation like this, agu
Leoi spoke at the end of the
Ballon d'Or gala this was when Messi
picked him up the president thanked him for his
words and the speech
and the best possible date for a tribute,
take it how embarrassing that Messi brought you up
there eh And on top of that you lie once again I mean on
top of that once again it's that Messi
pointing himself out so directly you lie
once
again a thousand apologies to everyone and a thousand more they have
deceived me again with something
related to Leo I don't learn I'm sorry it's
really screwed I accept everything that
you tell me today and I promise that we will work so that it does
n't happen again apologies I
ask How is the
ridiculousness that many media have made of
the Mbappé issue different from this and he himself
is admitting to me that he is reporting without
even checking, [ __ ] that
Leo Messi kundé yes Rafi
damn It's just that [ __ ] what a streak eh
mate that here has been an
important blow from the best player of all
time that could have been denied
3500 pieces of information but the one from Gantes is going to lie. Oh,
all messed up because Messi. Oh,
but he could have denied someone else. But talk about
the one from Gantes. Why would it be, because
yes, because he already has you crossed out, but for
other reasons because he considers us very
important, correct if he doesn't deny you,
Messi, what would you be
misinforming? You would practically have
asked for forgiveness if Leo Messi doesn't deny you.
No, apart from Messi, from what can be
seen in that message with that tone, it's
because he says you're lying again, of
course, what is noticeable there is is an anger that has been going on for a long
time, yes, like, [ __ ] me, you would
n't have said
absolutely nothing, [ __ ] don't [ __ ] with me,
man, Pedri has bothered you, something that you have
seen in the press these weeks or these
months in relation to your injury, yes, many
things, especially your friend and Romero. Yes,
nothing, it didn't bother me. But well, he said
something that they passed to me and he said that
I was afraid of playing with my
right foot and well, those are things that are a lie,
I make them up and now I'm not. I have never
told Chavi that I was afraid of
hitting him with  the right when I enter the
field graas said like you're afraid
of hitting with the right I hadn't
seen it yes they passed it to me the truth no
Ah he makes it up to create news
and out now and it's a lie I've never
called him chavi Besides I'm lucky
When I enter the field it's like I forget it
's like no I mean you don't remember the
injuries you've had before no I don't
even think about anything on the field maybe
I am because it's true Pedri that
sometimes it is said no that there are players who have
had serious injuries that go onto the
field and they kind of remember they get the gra
well deserved the scorn well deserved
the scorn Well nothing the prize This is
the kid chinguitel is the kid who
uploaded the video good compilation of course let's
see it's a mini Game Over this guy
has things I've seen things like that
more than that put me off I'm not
going to tell you anything I'm not going to tell you
anything in a shady way or anything like that
But things that I don't like
that I don't like J Romero I don't like
the truth And look at you  Hey, I don't
know him, maybe you get to know him in
another way, but what I see on social media
that puts me off is the typical
person that you see, you know, and you don't like him anymore, and you don't like
him anymore. Well, that's what happens to me with
him, that's what happens. I don't know why
[Music]
what